docs: [IAC-1999]: Add connector as part of IaCM onboarding (#6812)
harness/developer-hub: docs/infra-as-code-management/get-started/onboarding-guide.md

Go to [Terraform Documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro) or [OpenTofu Documentation](https://opentofu.org/docs/) for more information on currently supported Workspace types. 

## Add connectors

Add Cloud Provider and Git Connectors to select when Creating a workspace. Doing so allows your Cloud Provider and Git repository to read and write changes applied via your Harness IaCM pipelines.

:::info

> We recommend configuring your connector before creating your workspace, however, you can also add new connectors during the Create Workspace flow.

Reviewer: Can we provide an internal link to the "create workspace flow"?

> We recommend configuring your connector before creating your workspace, however, you can also add new connectors during the [Create Workspace flow](https://developer.harness.io/docs/infra-as-code-management/get-started/onboarding-guide#create-a-workspace).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Harness recommends configuring your connector before creating your workspace, however, you can also add new connectors during the [Create Workspace flow](https://developer.harness.io/docs/infra-as-code-management/get-started/onboarding-guide#create-a-workspace).
```

    style={{minHeight:'640px'}}
    width="100%" 
    height="100%" 
    referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
    frameborder="0" 
    webkitallowfullscreen="webkitallowfullscreen" 
    mozallowfullscreen="mozallowfullscreen" 
    allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Git repository connector">
  <iframe 
    src="https://app.tango.us/app/embed/22085f72-df71-48cb-860d-b329f2aa43ca" 
    title="Setting up a Git Repository Connector for Harness IaCM" 
    style={{minHeight:'640px'}}
    width="100%" 
    height="100%" 
    referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
    frameborder="0" 
    webkitallowfullscreen="webkitallowfullscreen" 
    mozallowfullscreen="mozallowfullscreen" 
    allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Step-by-step">

When adding any connector, start by:

1. Signing in to [app.harness.io](https://app.harness.io).
2. In the module pane, select **Infrastructure**.
3. Select **Project Setup**, and then select **Connectors**
4. Select **New Connector**
5. Select the appropriate Connector, e.g. Cloud Provider, Code Repository

> ### Add a Cloud Provider connector

Reviewer: Add a cloud provider connector

Using AWS as an example, after following the initial five steps to reach the Connectors panel:

> 1. Select **AWS**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **AWS**.
```

2. Name your connector and select **Continue**
3. Add your Cloud Provider Access Key and Secret Key

:::note
Your secret key can be stored in a secret manager (default: Harness Built-in Secret Manager).
:::

4. Select the Connectivity Mode
    - We recommend selecting **Connect through Harness Platform**
5. Continue to the final step to confirm your Cloud Provider connection is verified successfully.
6. Select **Finish**

 Go to [Connect your Cloud Provider](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/cloud-providers) for more information regarding connecting your Cloud Provider.

### Add a Git repository connector

Using GitHub as an example, after following the initial five steps to reach the Connectors panel:

> 1. Select **GitHub**

Reviewer: Period at the end of every step (global).
